free gift
I heard you just said that you are going to Zhunhe Concubine
Go ahead and tell him for me
I am waiting for him here
I dare not
Now I know I dare not
late
Didn't you just say
Can't you convict your son without evidence?
Okay, I have it.
wife
And here's the evidence.
This contains all the evidence of your Sun family's crimes
Including the evidence that your Sun family framed the world back then
See for yourself
That's -- that's impossible. That's impossible.
This just
I have already consulted with the ministers in the hall
I, Marquis Wu, take the lead
Assure adults
All the ministers threw the official book and asked me to severely punish your Sun family
Humph
Come and take down the two for me
Punishment after listening
Your Majesty, I know I'm wrong
Chen Renchen knew that he was wrong and turned against His Majesty
Lu Shang's scribe is here
I'll leave this matter to you.
Be sure to do it well
Yes
Ah!
Your Majesty, come with me